so guys um its but later now and I just
found out that I can't go home my flight
is cancelled again this is the second
flight yeah not like the James Charles
drama had more of an overview than my
flight schedule and that is not okay hi
guys this is just a little update um so
here's what I'm gonna do with this
iteration with the coronavirus now my
original plan was I'm just gonna stay in
university because I thought that the
risk of you know going into London or
public transport then going into London
Heathrow getting on an airplane walking
through the airport in my hometown going
for public transport in my hometown I
thought that you know risk that I could
spread it if I have it or what did I
could get it and then give it to someone
who's more vulnerable than me um I just
thought that risk was too high but um
apparently not because I called up
German Embassy and they said leave if
you can leave leave the UK and I'm like
okay all right um that's the advice um
that is the advice for my government and
I will take that advice they have
experts and I am no expert so that's
what I'm gonna do now my federal state
has announced that it will suspend
air travel now not immediately but soon
women this week I have booked a flight
for Friday if I can't make it on that
flight because Ashe Ravel is suspended
well then we're back to my original plan
if I'm just gonna stay here and just
socially distance from everybody in this
room you know because this room I have
it to myself so I can easily social
distance from the world so that that's
what we're gonna have to do done yeah
wish me luck
um um this is a situation which has
really been stressing me out I've been
waking up I like free xxx in the
because I'm kind of stressed in my sleep
which is sad and I feel like you know
that should be the case but at the same
time it also means that take it
seriously and I do because I don't go
out and hug my friends anymore I don't
go out to a restaurant and eat now I
know a lot of people still dude up stay
home kids stay home okay
there are people who are a lot more
vulnerable and you are and those are the
people who need you to stay home because
you you may be able to fight it up and
you may not even realize you have it
well I know I could have it and the best
advice that I got from all the
information I've read up on was someone
on the BBC who said don't think of it as
you know you try not to catch the virus
with your actions rather think of it
like you already have the virus and
you're not trying to give it to other
people I mean that's the way we should
act because there are some people out
there who really cannot afford to have
it it can be lethal for them so for the
benefit of those people don't go out
there and just party or whatever also
Susan and Karen don't buy 20 packs of
pasta okay you don't want it you passed
out for the next five years I can
promise you that
so um luckily I haven't bought 20 packs
of pasta because well this is what the
pasta shelf looked like in Sainsbury's
this morning fun so what's the plan now
the plan now is I'm gonna try to relax a
little because I feel like I'm just
stressing and it's not great and I'm
gonna address all of my problems
tomorrow because yeah you know ignoring
your problems has always made them
better the next day hi guys it's late is
Tuesday and as you may remember I booked
my flight only yesterday and you know
I'm kind of ready to like go home see my
family go to a country where we have a
functioning healthcare system because I
love the NHS but you know they could use
some serious funding which they don't
have so in terms of a pandemic I would
rather be in my home country which is
Germany
so you know I'm just trying to get home
but I can't because my flight has been
canceled now I'm trying to figure out
why because um there are two big
potential reasons one of them is that
the air-traffic ban which my federal
state is planning to implement has
already taken effect in that case I'm
screwed
or the everyone is that um the airline I
booked with had to use the Machine for
our purposes because they are helping
the German government get German
citizens out of other countries
especially countries where they can't
leave anymore so you know they they
can't just get a commercial flight and
come which is still the case for the UK
right now except when you play get
cancelled so yeah that that might also
be a reason because they are helping the
German government do that so I don't
know what the reason is um in the email
they've sent me it says wait 30 minutes
um see if we get back to you if we have
an alternative for your flight I highly
doubt they will have an alternative a
lot of people are trying to leave right
now which is understandable I mean I
want to leave so um but yeah I'm gonna
wait those 40 minutes then I'm gonna see
contact customer service see what's
going on but in all honesty it looks
like I may actually have to stay here 20
minutes later you see us guys someone
has a flight yes I'm going home so it is
way too late for me I am so ready it's
just you know fall into my bed and yeah
forget about this drama but I have a
flight now I mean it's on the same day
just a few hours later
thank the Lord really um so let's hope
this one doesn't get cancelled because
that would kind of suck but yeah I can
already check in for this one which I'm
gonna do now I'm I'm just gonna hope
it's actually gonna happen so yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow um I think
I'll just sleep in and then actually get
to all my tasks including packing the
next day hi guys it's the next day
um I'm stressed I'm really stressed I'm
at a point where I cannot do any work I
have a massive headache and it's really
just because of stress um i-i've tried
not to lie cousin used too much but it
doesn't help because I just get emails
from college and university like every
hour at this point so um yeah so
basically the university had a alert
system so we used to be in the amber
phase um now we're in red and now
they're urging all of us to go home well
the reason I'm still here I would like
to say this it's because the university
at the beginning of the holiday advises
us to stay do you see the conflicting
advice yeah the other thing is they
didn't tell us until a few hours ago
today that if we leave please vacate
your rooms completely take all your
stuff or put it into storage my roommate
has already left I'm trying to figure
out whether it is worth putting
everything into external storage that is
a lot of money you have to pay that
weekly and the other thing is how am I
going to get this into external storage
on my own
I have always planned ahead I've always
made arrangements of people to come and
pick me up and you know help me carry
all my stuff I'm a tiny person okay I
struggle to carry my own suitcases but
like I still like decorating so you know
tiny people live too so yeah I don't
know how I'm supposed to do that that is
another thing that's really stressing me
out because I'm worried like am I gonna
get my stuff back I don't know my entire
room is an absolute mess right now I've
done laundry that's all this stuff is
you know lying here in this IKEA back my
desk is just disgusting everything in my
room is it's representative of my state
of mind at this point um I'm really not
fighting right now because there's so
much that has just been thrown at us and
emails like please try to leave if you
can and I'm like yes I'm trying to my
flight lifts you got canceled last night
there is so much stress that's just you
know riding on the people who are still
here now trying to get home I don't even
know if my flight is gonna leave from
London Heathrow I genuinely do not
notice my federal-state is about to
impose an air-traffic ban and I don't
know when it's going to take effect if
just set within the course of the week
can you clarify that people like me kind
of need to know if we can go home I
sound like I'm still whiny and I feel
like you know I know that this is all
the biggest problem in the world that I
just need to like pack up my stuff and
everything but it's just stressful and I
understand if people elsewhere are in
much worse positions and I'm not here to
tell you you know my situation is the
worst I get that I get that this is not
the worst position you can be in this is
so stressful and yeah it's just a lot to
handle and the other thing is what's
going to happen to exams they still
haven't told us and you know I'm gonna
have to mail all of my textbooks to me
so all of these things here I'm gonna
have to mail them to me that's gonna
take weeks I'm gonna lose revision time
I don't know when my exams are gonna
happen I don't even know if my exams are
gonna happen there is so much that it's
just unclear right now and it's all
stressing me out um so yeah sorry
furnace rent but that's kind of where
I'm at I'm slightly panicking at this
point yeah
I'm panicking let's face it am I gonna
get home I don't know so now I cleaned
up my room because I felt like I needed
a more tidy environment because this was
really stressing me to just
have this you know untidy room because
I'm normally a quite tidy person so I
just went for everything and just try to
make everything clean and put everything
in its right place so guys um it's but
later now and I just found out that I
can't go home my flight is canceled
again this is the second flight yeah I'm
gonna stay here alone potential to leave
for months yeah um I'm not gonna go home
and see my family I'm not going to use
my family um yeah that's the update at
least I have a tidy room yeah that's a
good thing oh I'm gonna stay here I'm
gonna make the best of this I'm
definitely gonna start livestreams study
with me I think I'm gonna need company
even if it's only virtual I can't be
alone here so long guys sad um yeah I
really hope everybody my family it's
gonna be fine um my mum is stuck working
hi mum love you my mom works for health
insurance company and she does some
really important crisis work right now
in connection with the coronavirus so
she'll have to keep going into work
thought yeah I'm really sad that I'm not
gonna go and like you know give her a
hug Airport so here I am I didn't want
to cry but I'm quite a mention right now
but I also know that I'm in a quite
privileged position with all of this
because yeah I concur my
I'm not gonna call go home but at the
same time you know I'm here in a room I
have my own bathroom I have my own
kitchen I probably won't have to leave
this room for like a week or two I can
probably just live with everything I
have and yeah you know that is a
position not everybody is in I'm in a
college which is completely closed off
to the public at this point um I I don't
know if you can have much better
isolation condition and this may be you
know let me hit the countryside with no
one around you 100 mile radius but this
is pretty good um in terms of you know
safety and everything so I have aware of
that I'm I just really you know I love
you guys donors I struggle a lot with
being very vividly last year that I
ended up um leaving for women to help
because I was clinically depressed and
in the end and I'm I'm just scared you
know of what its gonna do to me but at
the same time I know this is up to me
um how I'm gonna handle this so yeah I
can take a moment to cry because I think
I deserve that
I deserve a moment to cry because we
learned from last year and we're gonna
be smarter now so I'm gonna you know
hold myself accountable I'm gonna make
myself do things I'm not gonna end up
you know just not wanting to get out of
bed anymore we're gonna do something
about this we're gonna we're gonna make
this good good as it can be many hours
later hi it's a lot later um so I had my
moment to cry
um that I posted Instagram I'm gonna
stay here I asked for ideas what to do
actually I was done like oh yeah I think
this is actually gonna be pretty cool
and then I got an email from eurowings
and they're like your passenger your
flight takes place is scheduled ignore
our previous correspondence are you
bloody kidding me what can you just like
tell me what the hell is going on
so I'm guessing my flight is happening
but I mean if you look at the earlier
email mmm not so sure yeah not really
sure what's going on in here wings right
now I guess they're probably struggling
figuring out what to do themselves
because well you know um they're
probably gonna have to help the
government get German citizens back as
well um and it probably also had a
cancer quite a few fights so yes but
still don't tell people if flight is
cancelled for the second time and then
be like no it Sun cancelled um that's
that's not great because now I haven't
packed anything I don't have any plans
for anything and I gotta do all that
tomorrow I got a pack I just checked
myself into the big yellow self storage
in Cambridge um I used them before and
notice it's not sponsored I wish
anything in this video was sponsored um
but basically um I used them before and
that is just like a storage facility and
I'm gonna try all by myself to get all
of my stuff in there yeah that plan is
already doomed to be a disaster just for
context this is what it looked like when
my cousin and I were doing this together
I am on my own and yes I'm still a tiny
person so I don't know how this is gonna
work out usually my cousin comes it
helped me and like she does all the work
and I just pretend to do something so
yeah hi cousin I love you yeah this is
gonna be great I don't think I'm gonna
sleep much tonight but hey who needs
sleep
when they can have a flight back home
good morning guys it's the next day and
my room looks very different now so this
is what I've done today so these are the
clothes that I'm taking back home with
me and then here does I still have to
take down I already took away some of
the textbooks some of them I'm gonna
have to mail to myself so that's why I
have these parcels here these are all
things that are gonna go into self
storage and I'm gonna empty out the
suitcases in the self storage so that I
can then you know take them with me back
to Germany and these are also things
that are gonna go into self storage and
I don't know why my bed is such a mess
but it is well it is what it is this is
trash this is stuff I still need to pack
and then this is my friend suit which I
still need to mail and then this is
another mess now although my room looks
terrible right now and like an absolute
mess it is actually organized chaos I
know what I'm doing and I think we can
do this in a day I think my back is
gonna hate me for this because I don't
know how I'm gonna do this but I am
gonna do this because I have to leave in
a day and I have to pack up my entire
life in a day you can tell how excited I
am right um so here's the the game plan
more like a war plan fill out the entire
online application form for the self
storage I've done this before
they are amazing I would HIGHLY highly
recommend them if you are looking for
self storage they have like facilities
all over the UK and they're really
useful and yeah they're just really nice
friendly and just easy to handle and
yeah love it so that's what I'm gonna do
now I'm gonna order a cab and drive all
of this over there unpack the suitcases
in the storage room and then I'm gonna
come back and pack the rest that I need
to take into two suitcases go back again
put that into storage and I'm also gonna
mail myself the books this is a
stressful plan let's do it
but I would luta okay so I managed to
check in but now we have the next
problem my phone decided to just die
basically not my phone my SIM card
because it's like
like any coals and I'm like why I don't
know it's not playing it's locked or
anything it just fails to make holes so
I had to text my mom be like call me a
cab because I'm screwed I can't get to
the self-storage can you tell how
panicky I am at this point like there's
so much I have to do and it's like every
little inconvenience it's just so big
well stressed me eventually made it to
the storage and here we are listening to
music and getting everything done
[Music]
[Applause]
sit on my bed I got nothing to do take
on my phone once again read to you I'm
really bored please don't ignore started
as fun the law randomly know you love
rainy days and you still live at home
it's going to say you're with me no
we've never met and things like this
never last but free time it's ex back
again
in my ice cut sink I really like you but
I never said straight to your face I
think I really like you but I don't
wanna repeat my mistakes
meeting you in person cuz they're really
beautiful suddenly the ends like the set
I think I really like you but I'm never
late straight days
[Music]
been the few weeks and we're keeping
this bug difficult at the Iowa I'm
because got something or can be it I let
you know every part of me other than no
one says no one else sees wait up
[Music]
like this never last but free time its
ex back
in my eyes
[Music]
really
hi guys oh my god we have completed the
biggest talk everything that needed to
go into storage is in storage now look
at the mess that I've left behind
yeah do you recognize this is my old
room because I feel like I don't um like
this looks like it's someone else's uh
it's actually mine so yeah what am I
gonna do now I'm gonna pack up all of
these books and I think actually was a
mistake to put them into the parcels now
I'm gonna take them out I'm gonna put
the books into an empty suitcase and
then I'm gonna take a cap to the post
office and pack them there because I
think they have a weight restriction so
I'm gonna do all that there and yeah
we're gonna mail them and then we have
achieved everything that we needed to
achieve then we only need to you know
throw our stuff in these suitcases and
leave tomorrow yeah well I did not think
that I could do this honestly like it is
now almost 4:00 p.m. I'm actually really
really proud of myself that I pulled
through to say I didn't pull through it
about complaining but you know I went
through it and honestly so much went
wrong today I still cannot call myself a
cab loved it but yeah I also really
don't want to know how much money all of
this has cost me because like moving out
on such short notice you know there's a
lot of cost involved in that like
getting to self storage and I'm gonna
need to take a cab to the post office
because I cannot carry fatty Killers of
books coming up 30 but I Stephanie like
15 and it feels like that to you to
someone who's as small as me oh yeah you
know but luckily your girl saves her
scholarship money so that's what it's
for
emergency
or tuition fees whatever comes first so
yeah I'm gonna pack up my books take
them to the post office and then I'll
see you guys in a bit
hey yeah I'm back well I mailed my
things like the naive idiot I am
you know I believed after they canceled
the flight and then I'm canceled it they
wouldn't cancel it right yeah I'm an
idiot
guess what email I just got from
eurowings unfortunately your flight has
been canceled yeah thanks
thank you so much you aren't a reason
that I just packed up this entire room I
literally packed up my life this is you
know this really is my room in a sense
and not in the sense of like these four
walls by everything within here because
I've been at boarding school so 16
uh-huh these are the things that have
been with me since I was 16 and
obviously like something cuz were added
etc but yeah this is actually my room
that my room at home is also my room but
not really anymore because I've lived
there when I was way younger so thank
you so much I literally packed up my
life in reliance on this flight
happening can I get reliance damages for
this I mean I am in a contract of sale
and services no services this is a
service contract with the airline I
don't know I feel like no oh I should
write a problem question about that kid
that's irrelevant at this point for me
because I think I said this earlier this
does not this wasn't cheap you know to
organize all of this real quick
and obviously this isn't just eurowings
fault but like obviously you know you
need a college virgin you to leave so me
you know the the idiot that I am and I
go there but comply it gets cancelled
every book it it gets cancelled on
canceled now like I you're not gonna
cancel it now yeah look at me
yeah my mom's now calling their customer
service hotline because this is a joke
honestly like canceling a flight I'm
cancelling it and then re cancelling it
like what the hell okay that is more
complicated and youtuber drama when
people are like we're canceling this
person like that you know is easier to
understand like the James Charles drama
had more of an overview than my flight
schedule and that is not okay so yeah I
am really that because I just emailed
all of my course books which means if I
can't go home it's gonna take me like
3-4 weeks to get my books all the
libraries and Cambridge are closed we
just got an email today exams all
happening
they are gonna happen as a take home
exam I guess
so it's an open book exam but like if I
have no books that's not gonna help is
it um so yeah I'm sorry I feel like I
sound like a whiny little entitled white
girl and I guess yeah probably fitting
right now because like I know this is
not the biggest problem in the world but
I worked my ass off for this you know to
happen for me to leave this country
today this was not easy for me to pack
up everything carry it somewhere I'm
alone
okay I think people need to pursue the
perspective and I've lived she had
packed up my entire life in a day
carried it to her storage did all of
this by myself yeah that's a lot I'm
super exhausted I am already stressed
and now this on top of it it's just it's
a lot it's a bit much honestly um so
yeah I need food I'm gonna I don't even
have cutlery anymore because I put that
into my two hours later well update so
my mum's an angel and managed to somehow
sway customer service to get me on a
Sunday flight so I now have a newly
booked Sunday flight is that's like
gonna happen
well I don't know I am not packing my
bags until Saturday night because I have
lost all my trust he's scheduled flights
and then you know I'm canceled flights
no we're no longer trusting this
well since I'm now leaving on a
different day I also had to rebook my
transfer but luckily they were super
super nice about it and like they
immediately changed it it was no biggie
even though this is less than 24 hours
before they were supposed to pick me up
and they just changed it and that was so
kind and you know I was so stressed
about like also doing that because my
entire date was just you know a little
stressful
just a little oh oh yeah it was great
you know just have to I'd be like yeah
don't worry about this cool this really
helped um so yeah if you guys have
anything really good Airport transfer I
notice is very specific but you know in
case you do they're called sound
transfers I'm gonna like it
any of it works below the intercept this
is not sponsored not at all
they just made my day and I needed it I
really did so um what is the plan now
well good that you asked and I know you
didn't really I just did but hey look at
my bed do you see any issues here well
let me explain I don't have any bed
sheets because I'm an idiot who trusted
an airline that they would actually you
know slide the flight that they said
they would fly yeah so I only have this
one blanket which I was planning to
bring with me back to Germany and I'm so
happy that I actually have this like it
so I'm probably gonna sleep on the couch
which you know I need to empty but hey
so yeah
because I thought you know one night on
the couch is fine it doesn't matter and
then you don't have to take the
bedsheets with you
well now we're looking at two nights on
the couch if the flight happens
otherwise I don't even know how many
nights um yeah if this site doesn't
happen I'm gonna go and get my stuff
from the storage and I think I'm gonna
sleep in tomorrow because I've had a
hell of a day Hey
I just had you know so much going on in
the past 48 hours and I think at this
point I'm just running on autopilot it's
like I just feel like I need to you know
keep functioning because there's so much
to do but now there's nothing I can do
like I've done everything I could do you
know I've put all my stuff in storage
I've mailed all my textbooks to my home
address now all I can do is throw things
in my suitcase and hope that when I get
to London Heathrow my flight isn't
canceled that's all so yeah I guess I'll
see you guys tomorrow hopefully more
cheerful and hopefully my back won't
hate me after a night on the couch let's
see the next day good morning guys so
I'm here on my couch and I'm in the only
blanket that I still have my life is
glorious as you can tell so um I didn't
send the alarm today but I will cover
like 640 and I was just like and we are
not doing this
I have zero commitments today and the
thing is I can't go out and do anything
because you know social distancing stay
home kids
so I'm here and I've decided I am NOT
going to be productive at all so instead
what I did is I pulled up this list of
things that I I sometimes find things
that I'm interested in where I feel like
they would be a great thing for my
youtube channel for my blog or anything
and I don't get to do them because you
know it's it's work it's hours and hours
of work and this is a hobby I know it's
a weird hobby to like film yourself but
that's my hobby
um and I pull up this list and I'm like
I'm gonna do something from that list
because I never get to do anything I
just write them down for like some day
today is some day okay I'm positive now
I did you know just tidy up my room a
little so I can like live here so this
is what it looks like now and actually I
think this is not too bad I mean it's
very you know just there's nothing and
then here we have my little trash pile
I'm gonna bring this to the trash later
but honestly I did not have the
motivation to do that yet I mean yes I
know it is 11 a.m. but here we are I'm
then my bed I tried to make it because I
feel like every way so it would look
weird but it is also weird because it
has no bedsheets I am aware and yes then
here and then here we have my two
suitcases
my last two pairs of shoes and then all
my folders and yeah that is the room I'm
in now it's a flight on Sunday leaves
great then I can just take all of this
and just throw it in my suitcases I put
all my clothes by the way that were on
this couch into these drawers so that's
where they went but yeah if the flight
and Sunday leaves I'll take everything
and just throw it in those two suitcases
if the flight doesn't leave well I guess
I'm gonna have to get my stuff back but
now I'm off to learning how to animate a
video I don't know if this is gonna work
out or if after a few hours I'm gonna be
so frustrated and just hate myself for
even trying it but there is an online
website it's a website of course it's
online but there is a website where you
can do this um I'm gonna try them out
they have a free plan so I will just try
out the free stuff and yeah see how it
goes
see if this is something I could maybe
use on my law revision channel is I feel
like it would be quite useful for that
so yeah that's probably what I'm gonna
spend my day on because I imagine it
will be quite complicated
[Music]
hello welcome to an update from the
couch so I've been working on this for a
bit and I go be honestly I've also just
been you know watching white collar on
the side but this took me like a lot
less time than I thought of what I
thought this was gonna take a long time
and be super complicated it's actually
super easy the only reason you're
probably still going to spend quite a
bit of time on this is because it takes
a while to process changes but that's
okay
video editing is quite work intensive
for puget so I'm not mad about that so
yeah here's what I made it's super short
um but I am proud of it okay this is the
first time that I've done anything
that's like remotely somewhat animated
or anything so I'm proud of it please
don't roast it in the comments okay
Alana's been going for a rough time I
feel like just want to be the influence
this is like I made a mistake please
don't judge me okay
things are not going well so here it is
you can see there are those two
watermarks and I basically made a little
animation about a theory of law which
basically things law is a bit like a
gunman scenario and this is the guy who
came up with this idea which is Austin
now his fear is now allowed to reject it
but it is a quite interesting thought
and I was thinking of making a video on
it on my law revision channel so that's
why I made this but yeah um I thought
would be fun so yeah that is what I work
on in my free time when I'm not working
on law school things making videos about
law yeah but yeah who knows maybe I will
even finish this because I'm actually
quite proud of it I like it so I might
finish this at some point but obviously
I will have to look at pricing because
they aren't cheapest ones around and
I'll see if I think it will pay off for
me I can think about that I can
potentially do it over the holiday which
I think could be fun and yeah now I
think I'm gonna make my
some food yes you heard that right
Elena's making food now I'm not sure if
it's the smartest thing for me to stop
cooking now and the times of coronavirus
because food poisoning won't be the
biggest problem they're gonna have a D&E
so I might die alone in this room that
is a consideration but the thing is we
are socially distancing okay and that
means we are not going out unless we
have to now would I like to go to
McDonald's yeah definitely am I going to
do it no okay
we're making sacrifices because of this
virus because we don't want anybody
who's vulnerable to get infected so
we're not getting our McDonald's it's
tough I know so let's see what I have in
the fridge I honestly actually don't
know I got sort of a food donation from
one of my friends who had to leave for
Australia so yeah she even left me bread
I haven't eaten bread in a very long
time because well I haven't lived the
healthiest lifestyle yes you may have
been able to tell now the good thing is
I always stock up on mouth noodles and
things like that because I genuinely
like eating them so I didn't have to go
to Sainsbury's like all the Karen's out
there and you know run to the pasta and
anything else because look at this this
is what my drawer just can all make
looks like like I didn't buy anything
since the coronavirus panic buying this
is just me stocking up on things and
then this is what the fridge looks like
okay so I'm sensing we have a lot of
eggs we need to eat these um we also
have spinach milk don't think the milk
will be helpful and we have so I guess I
could make noodles put some eggs on in
or maybe mix it with pesto we also have
a pesto
yeah we'll see okay so Elena would come
up with a plan and then I'll tell you
guys about the plan
I'm hoping the plan is gonna be all
right and you know and I'm not gonna get
myself food poisoning that's pretty much
the goal like don't die from eating this
that's all that I'm aiming for
okay so Allan's master plan has been
made so here it is um I'm gonna make
noodles and no I didn't go out and panic
buy pasta my friends just left me pass
today already had because they were
leaving going home and we were all
expecting that we might not come back
here and then I'm gonna put some pesto
on these and I'm just gonna you know put
a few eggs in in and then I'm gonna make
some salad and I still have this cheese
so we're gonna make this and then just
some old salad sauce so yeah that is the
plan I think this looks pretty okay in
terms of difficulty level I know you
guys watching uh probably like Atlantis
is not difficult at all my five-year-old
could probably do this um yeah but like
your five-year-old would probably less
of a risk of you know food poisoning
themselves so just sayin
so yeah wish me luck I hope this will
work out and I hope I won't put the
kitchen on fire but yeah I'll see you
guys in a bit hopefully with food and
hopefully not in front of a burning
house yeah that's true
and I'm fat guys and look at this I
actually have food now and I why prolly
so I made myself pasta with some eggs
and then I just put some pesto on it and
then I made some spinach and some
mozzarella cheese and just some south
sauce on it and I'm just really hoping
that this is actually gonna taste well
and not food poisoning yeah that that's
you know the fresh hold that we're
trying to cross so yeah and I thought
this would be a good time to end the
vlog um I noticed focus in what I
usually do with the vlog it was made
more hectic chaotic and distressful but
yeah I hope you guys nonetheless enjoyed
um maybe it could give you some
entertainment you know why you're poor
intoning
so yeah I I hope that you know the video
was nonetheless a little bit of fun
maybe it just gave you pleasure to see
me spiral um
but yeah I'm really hoping I'm gonna get
on the Sunday flight right now it is
Friday so I'm gonna let you guys know in
the description box below whether I
actually went on that flight or not
really hoping it's not gonna get
cancelled but you never knew after three
cancellations from that airline I'm not
trusting anything to say on time sitting
in that airplane so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog thank you so much for
watching and I hope that wherever you
guys are you're staying safe have a nice
day bye